# DragonMod
dragon mod created with minecraft forge

The Dragon creature can have two totally different AI characteristics depending on whether it is tamed or not. 
If the Dragon is NOT tamed then its main priority is to search for gold, it will search a 64x8x64 block radius, and if no gold is found then it will walk randomly in any direction. It will also attack any other creatures that come in its path including the player. The search and wander is repeated until the Dragon finds some gold. When the Dragon has found gold, it uses Minecrafts path finding attribute to navigate to the gold. When the Dragon has reached the gold, stays near the gold and protects the gold from all other creatures including other Dragons. Dragons can be tamed using a specific food ‘treat’ item.
If the Dragon IS tamed it will not follow the owner (as normal tamed creatures usually do in Minecraft), it will however still have the main priority to search for gold, it will search a 64x8x64 block radius, and if no gold is found then It will walk randomly in any direction. As it is tamed, it will not attack other creatures except fellow Dragons and will just have a priority to find gold for its owner. The search and wander process is repeated until the Dragon finds gold. When the Dragon has found gold, it uses Minecrafts path finding attribute to navigate to the gold. When the dragon has reached the gold, it will then go back to the player who tamed it. If the player is further than 64x64 blocks away, then the Dragon will teleport closer to the player in order to save the time of long journeys to the player, the dragon will then follow the player. The player can then put a saddle on the Dragon and sit on it, when the player sits on the Dragon, it uses a custom made path finding class in order to take the player to the gold, at this point the player has no control of where the Dragon goes. If the player gets off the Dragon in between the journey to the gold, the Dragon will follow the player until the player sits on it again in which the Dragon continues its journey to the gold. The tamed Dragon also protects the player from attackers, once the attackers have been killed, the Dragon will continue its journey. 
